Still not coming out?
Hey, hahahahaha.
And over there
I saw you
Come out
Since everyone is here
Then I'll just announce it directly
Fan Group Fan Dasen
Engagement to Miss Wang Chuyi
lift it.
What the hell is going on?
Are you all right?
It's not Su Wanqing, what are you?
Why did you break the engagement?
That's why people listen to me
I van Dasen
Today
Break off the engagement with the lady in front of you, Wang Chuyi
From Now On
It doesn't matter anymore
No way no
No way. How could that be?
Omori, you can't do this to me
Ah!
Oops what's wrong with this guy
Mr. Fan, are you mistaken?
My daughter made a mistake
But it's good for you with all my heart
You can't. You won't open the door.
How can this be?
Mr. Fan cancels the engagement
You didn't consider the impact on the company
Mr. Fan, you cancel the engagement
Will it create a global national blockbuster?
Mr. Fan, are you giving up the Fan Group now?
Is there a market in the industry?
Being able to meet love is the word-of-mouth of the company's promotion.
That's enough!
Fan's Group relies on years of accumulation of strength
Not by so-called false propaganda
And not only that.
We will get married